Please.
Alright, so in this study you
will see two types of pictures.
This first type we call it
graphic novels. They are series
of pictures that tell a story.
Imagine that you're telling the
story that someone who cannot
see the pictures describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through it.
So usually we aim for 10 to 15
minutes for each one.
And the first one, the this
graphic novel has 8 pages.
And you can start when you're
ready.
So I just described what's
going on in the pictures.
#START_arrival_4 Top left looks
like somebody showering and
shaving and getting dressed and
tying their shoes.
Look like they're counting money
in their hand.
Getting a hat to put on.
And looks like they're looking
at a map and.
The man standing there with it
looks like a fish out of it at
his feet.
And then there's a picture of
him walking on the sidewalk.
Some kind of little fish type
creature behind him. And then
there's a cities scape with
streets and buildings and
there's some smoke coming out of
the some of the factory
buildings looks like the top,
right again there's more
pictures of the map and the
person's looking at the map.
And again, pictures of him
looking at the map, reading it
with that little fish type thing
at his feet.
And then the big picture at the
bottom.
Looks like it's.
bunch of people on the ground,
they have these like cone type
things behind them with holes in
it and then there is a big
bridge with archways underneath
it and there's ships that are
going under the bridge and
there's big ones and they're
small ones.
OK.
OK, so there's these two little
creatures in the top left.
Sounds like a bird type thing
one's, like a fish type thing
with the tail.
And then there's a man and a
woman. They're both reading and
they're standing on the street
with the two creatures of
between them and the on the
ground, and then looks like he's
talking to her. He has like a
folded pamphlet in his hands.
She has a book.
And then maybe that's like a
map, because it looks like in
the next row pictures she's
pointing to something on his
pamphlet. And then you can see a
picture of it looks almost like
a I don't know if it be a map,
but it's some kind of weird
paper that's different shapes
and stuff on it. And then the
next picture she's pointing to
some kind of machine.
And it has a dial on it. Maybe
it's like a phone. And then she
shows that she's spinning the
dial almost like a Rotary phone.
And then there's like a lever
she pulls and something comes
out. So I don't know if it's a
money or what.
And then there's a picture of
her pointing to that and then he
she's handing it to him and then
she has almost like a.
Little timepiece like pocket
watches and she's pointing to
him. And then the top right
there's a bunch of people
looking at the sky, but in the
sky there's a bunch of those
like weird looking ships that
are different sizes. And then
there's a couple other pictures
of people from different angles
of on the ground looking up.
There's a bridge in the
background of one of them. And
then there's ships a little bit
up up close, and the next
picture and then the next one,
they're standing there, it just
shows another angle. Looks like
almost like a.
Like a circle type building with
like factory chimneys.
And then at the bottom there is
a guy who is the pamphlet in his
hand and there's a fish thing on
the ground.
And there's a couple woman's
footsteps in front of him. Shoot
feet in front of him, and then
he has whatever little piece of
paper and someone else is.
I don't know. Most like ticket
punching, like punching the
ticket. And then there's a
picture of a guy with
interesting uniform on and some
glasses.
OK.
OK, so on the top left there's a
weird fish animal again getting
onto a bench, and there's a guy
also sitting on a bench.
And the next picture is him
sitting there with the little
fish thing. There's a woman next
to him with a little bird thing,
and then there's some other
people around. It's a bunch of
rows of benches.
And then he's talking to her.
She still has that bird thing on
her lap.
And then he's using different
gestures and he reaches into his
pocket and pulls out a piece of
paper with a picture on it.
And then she used the gesture
like with her hand on her heart,
on her chest, and then she
reaches into her pocket or into
her purse and find pulls out a
piece of paper with a.
Another picture on it and it
shows a more up close. She was
an idea like a little girl.
And then it's a closer picture
of that little girl.
And then on the right side,
there's a girl reading a book
and then looks like somebody's
trying to take the book off of
her, and then they put it into a
drawer and then it shows
somebody's being there's
something's being locked.
Maybe the doors being locked and
then somebody's putting a shovel
in her hand and then she's
standing there sad with the
shovel and there's somebody
bigger behind her holding her
shoulder. And then she uses that
shovel to put something into it.
Looks like a incinerate like
incineration type thing.
And and then she's, you see,
you're still standing there.
And putting things into there.
And then you see her climbing up
a ladder.
And like cleaning out the
chimney with like one of the
chimney sweeps.
So then it's like a bigger
picture of her at the top of the
ladder.
The chimney sweep brush and the
chimney and then around her.
It's almost like a picture from
further back. You can see a
bunch of the same situations
happening, a bunch of people
standing in front of these
incinerators with the chimney
smoking.
And then the top right there's a
girl, I'm assuming the same
girl. She's sad, sitting there,
cross legged, her head in her
hands. And then there's a
picture of her holding a shovel,
looking at the door, and then
she's trying to use the shovel
to open a door.
She's at the edge of the door
with the door. Looks like it's
cracked open now.
And then she tries to get into
she has the key, she tries to
get into the drawer, she gets
her book, and then it shows her
walking away with the book.
And.
Looks like she's just trying to
get on to a train, then there's
next to train tracks and then
she gets on to like a train car
and she's sitting there with her
book and then it shows the train
going around a like a bend with
a train track.
And then, um, top left, there's
like a.
Almost like a Times Square type
thing. Looks like there's like a
city.
Area with a bunch of billboards
and different language, and
there's a woman crying cup of
coffee on the billboards.
There's a weird ship type thing
with that chimney on it and was
like, there's people on it.
And then below that there's.
Up close of a man and a woman
sitting there. She has a weird
bird thing on her lap, and then
there's a guy with a megaphone.
And then there's a closer up
picture of some people standing
with one of those type shift
things in front of them.
And then there's a picture of
the woman sitting there with the
bird thing in her hand, and
there's a guy shakes her hand.
He looks like he's leaving and
he has a little fish thing at
his feet. And then he's had his
head in his hands, looks like
he's thinking.
And then the next on the right
side, there's a big picture of.
Guy looks like he's standing in
the city area where there's a
couple of stairs in front of
him, the windy sidewalks around
them. There's some other people
walking.
they have some interesting hats
on pointy and then there's some
buildings on the right and then
you can see almost like a little
bit of a valley, but it's.
Like a circle area where there's
some people or trees around and
then there's some really weird
shapes.
Creature that looks like it's
holding a bowl with other little
things in it and there's some
vases and stuff at the vase of
that and it's a really big like
statue.
Uh, top left. There's a guy
walking with the little fish
thing on the sidewalk with
building behind them. And then
there's a broader picture of the
building. More people.
More little animals.
And then this picture of bottom,
I mean not bottom left, but the
next row left is 2 guys talking
with looks like almost like
little eels or a little tails
coming out of boxes. And then
there's a woman who's putting
something into a box.
And a wall of like almost makes
me think of like, PO boxes. And
then there's a guy and a woman
and she, the woman holding a box
with the little fish in it. He's
looking at it. And then there's
people again that spanned out
picture of people walking on the
sidewalk with little animals.
And then somebody's pointing to
a a booklet and it has some
pictures of fruit like milk,
cheese, bread, fish, potato.
And then a guy sitting somewhere
with that in his hand.
And there's a wall behind him
and there's that little fish
thing looking at the wall.
Looks like he puts the fish
thing in one of the drawers in
the wall and he's looking at a
book.
And then somebody reaches into
the drawer with a little fish
things.
And he saw his book in his hand.
He's talking to a little boy who
has a little fish thing in his
hand. And then there's a picture
of the boy with the fish in his
hand and another guy who's
waving. And the guy with the
book is putting his hand up as
if he's saying no to the little
fish thing that the kid pulled
out of the drawer. And the guys
pointing to bread in his book.
And looks like he's trying to
communicate that to the first
the people, and then the other
guy, the one who was waiting
before with glasses of white
shirt. He then points to a
different drawer in the wall and
he pulls out a different.
Shape and it's like a black
curly thing. The guy with the
book smells, looks like he's
smelling it or has it up close
to his face. The kid has a a
basket now and then the guy with
the book carries the basket with
that little black swirly thing
in it, and he's talking to the
guy with the white shirt and the
glasses and the.
Um, the guy in the top left is
the one who is waving in the
last picture of the white shirt
and he pulled things out of the
drawer before. So he has a
different type shape like Ridge
thing, Ridge creature or
something. And then the kid is
holding this big black, almost
looks like a cornucopia. And and
then the guy next to him looks
like he has something else
pulled out of the drawer, almost
looked like a like a plant.
And the kid has this big thing.
Looks like a big artichoke in
his arms now and then. Looks
like the guys hands are holding
something. Looks almost like a
crab.
And then the next picture, he's
pulling out what looks like a
snake out of one of the other
drawers in the in the wall. And
then there's a picture of him
with thumbs up and holding it
different, like a a fish in his
left hand.
And then there's a picture of
him.
Having something looks like it
was cut open, so I don't know if
it was like a.
Sweet potato or something looks
like that's got kind of shape.
And then the kid next to him has
something that he is holding up
to his hand.
And then jump to his mouth, I
mean, and then the bottom left
of the guy.
It's the original guy in the
last picture he had the book, he
was one of the suit and he his
holding that half of those sweet
potato type thing at the other
guy I've been holding before and
there's a kid in the bottom
center who's now feeding. Looks
like he's feeding something to
the little fish creature that
was on the floor. And then the
guy in the suit now has a basket
full of all these things that
they had pulled out of the wall.
So the plant looking thing,
sweet potatoes and black curly
thing, all that stuff.
In the top right, there's a
little kid saying something to
the white, the guy in the white
shirt, and then he also has a
basket of stuff, and the guy in
the suit has a basket of stuff.
And then the kid also has a
basket of stuff, and he's
pointing away in the picture.
And then you see the three of
them in a broader span of the
picture walking. And there's
like a couple ships that are
docked like on land, though. And
then behind them you see pretty
like white cityscape skyline.
And there's like on a hill and
there's circles and there's
pointy buildings and there's.
Some of the big bases and things
that are kind of out of
proportion.
The top left, there's a kid
walking with the basket, and the
little fish thing is speaking.
He's walking towards one of
these little boats that are
docked with the vase in it. And
then there's kid standing next
to the vase, and then there's
the guy in the suit and the kid.
I'm looking at the vase that has
something black in it.
And then looks like the guy
startled by that black thing
coming out of the face, and he
drops his basket full stuff and
the kid has a hand over his
mouth.
The guy in the white shirt looks
like he's trying to console the
guy in the suit and he's smiling
and he points to it and then the
kid pulls out, looks like a
weird cat looking creature that
came out of the vase. And then
the kid holds the cat up close
and the picture you can see it.
And then the guy in the suit of
looking at it closer while the
kids still holding it and the
guy in the white shirt is knelt
down pointing to it and he's
pointing to in the next picture
you can see the cat and the fish
are on the floor. That's kind of
like looking at each other.
And then it looks like maybe
they're playing together in the
top right side and then they're
picking up the items out of the
guys basket that he dropped.
And then they use
talking to the guy in the white
shirt and looks like he's trying
to use some hand gestures. And
then he pulls out his book and
he starts drawing things and
then he shows it to the guy in
the white shirt. And the white
shirt guy seems like he's a
little confused. He uses hand
gestures and he's looking up.
And then you see closer and
closer to his face and his
glasses, and then you see just
his eye. #END_arrival_4
All right. That was his part of
the story. And you took around
12 minutes, which is good.
So a different type of pictures
that you'll see in this study,
we called them complex scenes.
So they're just one page, and
again, imagine you're describing
it to somebody who cannot see
it. Describe what is happening
and what you see as thoroughly
as possible, and try to take
between three and five minutes
to do that.
So here we go.
So just this one picture. Yes.
OK all right.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
this is an open, I guess two
page spread and it says escape
from the zoo. And there's a
caption on the bottom that says
the Penguins were bored with
life at the zoo, so they hatched
a plan to escape from their
enclosure. They are enjoying
their newfound freedom,
completely unaware of the chaos
they have created around them.
Spike love skateboarding and
Muffy cannot believe that ice
cream cones taste so good. And
it says can you pick all out all
10 Penguins. So in the top left.
On the broader scheme, you see
almost like a central part of
the zoo. When you first walk in,
there's a center area and then
there is a pathway that goes
left or right towards the front,
towards the bottom of the page.
So in the top left you see polar
bears and and little bit more.
In the foreground you see like
some lemurs and a tree branch.
And then to the right of the
polar bears there's an elephant
enclosure and there's an ostrich
and a rhinoceros and then you'll
see a cafe.
And then next to the cafe you
see like a shop at the gift
shop. And then to the right of
that now you're at the top right
of the page is a bunch of
gorillas which 1236, about 6
gorillas there. And then
underneath the gorillas there is
it looks like a helicopter or a
Penguin and a helicopter.
And there's like a parrot or a
macaw next to it.
And then underneath them now,
because they're kind of in the
air underneath them as an
exhibit with some drafts, some
kind of antelope with a bunch of
big antlers on, maybe like a
wild boar, maybe anteater, a
couple different animals in that
enclosure.
And then underneath that in the
so the bottom right of the
screen, you'll see a bunch of
people running because there's a
rhinoceros that's loose in the
sidewalk.
There's also a snake that's also
loose on the sidewalk, so
there's a bunch of people
running there. One has an
umbrella on their hands, a
couple of different colors.
And then towards the center
bottom of the page. You'll see a
line exhibit. There's like
there's a female and a male lion
and like a.
Little animal that's popping out
of the ground as well and
there's some people that are in
the line enclosure, so they're
trying to pull themselves out.
Some people are sitting there
and you see like they have the
cartoons, that they're scared.
They have this little hash marks
around their face like they're
afraid.
And then you see, um, towards
the center of the page. There's
a Peacock right there in the
middle of the sidewalk.
And
then towards the center left,
you'll see that an enclosure on
the left has a hippo and
flamingos and looks like some
kind of a Pelican and then some
zebras when you get to the full
left side of the page. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
And then there was about 5
minutes. OK, we are good here
and you're about to see more of
these complex scenes.
So just do the same thing
again.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK, so
this one says the unfriendly
giants. Um. Then Waldo and
Wizard White Beard came to the
land of the unfriendly giants
where many waldos had been
before. And waldos. All of the
Giants were horridly and
harassing that little people.
And when he found the 10th
scroll, it was time to continue
with his journey. So you see
there's a bunch of smaller
people and a bunch of giants and
there's kind of like 3 levels of
the picture. At the bottom level
there's 123456 giants that are
playing like a chess game or.
and different smaller people has
figurines around them. There's a
bunch of small people. They have
a like little house on the left.
A little smaller house in the
center and then on the far right
bottom they have there's four
giants and looks like they're
using straws to suck up water
out of the ground.
And the one has sucked it up
completely dry and the one spot.
Um, so the second tier of the
picture, there's a man or male
giant, looks like he pulled out
a tree out of the ground, and
he's handing it to a woman as if
it's like a bouquet of flowers
next to her. Is this
Built up wooden structure with
like almost like a hammer kind
of thing that you hold you would
see at a carnival that would
kind of fall down. But next to
the left of him there's a guy
knelt down with his tipping his
hat off to so little people next
to him. And then there's two
gentlemen or two giants that are
in the middle. One has a piece
of rope tied around his ankle,
looks like the small people are
trying to pull him down. Another
one has a rope wrapped around a
bunch of small people in their
house.
And then the far left, there's a
woman waving again. She has one
of those wooden structures built
up with a hammer on top, and
she's waving to another male
giant. And there's a couple of
small houses and little people
around them.
And then the top right of the
picture, there's a little bit
further distance back, there is
a man and a woman again with a
woman hammer structures behind
her there's a guy who looks like
he's using an upside down tree
as like a a broom.
And then above him there's a
windmill with a giant up there.
And there is. It's a couple more
giants that are going looking at
the little people within their
boats in the river, and there's
some giants that are up towards
the top of the castle. There's a
castle on top of the page.
And then there's some giants
that are like overreaching over
some trees.
Let's see, there's some other
looks like they pulled a house
out of the ground, and then
there's a window on the top left
as well.
And let's see.
Pictures
for general in general. The
colors are all like red, yellow,
blue-green and most of the
picture and some orange and
brown. #END_unfriendly_giants
Do you need anymore?
No, we're good. That was about
four minutes. We're good.
So.
Here's the next one.
Umm, again, I'll just, um, I
notice that you've been reading
some of these description. It's
good to read them so that maybe
that's helpful for you that
describe them, but you don't
have to read them out loud, OK?
#START_wild_west OK, so this one
is wild Wild West and it looks
like it's like a two page
spread. So the left side on the
bottom there's a jail with a
sheriff sign and there's people
standing outside looks like
cowboy hats and there's a horse
that looks like actually he's
painting something on a canvas
look like a wagon.
And then there's a bunch of
stamps that are upright that
have a bunch of bison, their
faces on them on the side of the
jail there's a wanted sign with
two faces on it and in black and
white picture. And then the
buildings are kind of on a
diagonal. So next to the jail is
the hotel and it looks like it's
a 3 tiered building. There's
people all around and it's
almost like an open building.
The way it looks in the picture
next to that is a saloon and it
has a front porch.
And the word Saloon on top with
the slanted roof above that, and
there's two guys on the slanted
roof. Looks like they're
throwing things at each other.
And next to that is a general
store looks like, but the part
of that picture is cut off.
And so then above that it's a
another row of buildings and the
top it says the tangy saloon
again, there's a like a patio
and there's people on the patio
and there's people on top of
that on the roof and the same
thing in the building next to
that. And then it looks like
there's a hotel and then another
Wild West and then next to it.
Underneath that you'll see some
wagons and some people in the
streets and looks like gold
mines and there's a bunch of you
know yellow and I am assuming
gold. And then on the right side
and right side of the picture
there is no top right again
there's a saloon sign patio that
people around people on the
roof. There's looks like once
like a movie picture screen and
there's a guy on a horse.
It's like breaking through the
screen.
And there's a bunch of people
standing next to it, and there's
some of the people holding
luggage and bags and there's a.
Delivery unstable or livery
stable blacksmith. And then
there's a guy standing on a
ladder and then there's people
also on the roof of that
building. They're looking down
at the the screen with the guy
and the horses running through
the screen. Next to that there's
like a saloon building. There's
people on playing on a piano and
singing and playing music on the
roof part of the building. And
then below that and the second
tier of the picture is the the
Pioneer Saloon, which more
people with guitars and stuff.
On the roof of that building and
then next to that's a bank and
then next to that's another
saloon and there's people on the
roof of the saloon and looks
like they're doing some painting
of the the buildings next to it.
Um, there's looks like a
cannonball on the one roof of
the the one more saloon building
on the far right.
And then underneath that, you'll
see a train track coming in from
a diagonal. There's a train,
it's a red and black train, and
there's also like a wagon that
was right in front of the train
tracks. It looks like it's on
the train tracks.
And then next to
that, there is a building with a
bunch of people and they're
carrying some things. So it
looks like it's leaning, looks
like a saloon, maybe some signs
and their brooms and all kinds
of things that they're carrying. #END_wild_west
OK, so that was about 5
minutes. We can move on to the
next one.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, so
this picture is one a bunch of
people on the sorry bunch of
boats. There's one large ship on
the left, it's like another two
page spread, another large ship
on the left and then change.
About 15 small boats, Umm, and
the little row boats because
they have the oars. And then
there's a smaller pirate ship in
the back in the top right
because you see a couple pirate
flags with the skull and
crossbones. And then also on the
far left of the screen looks
like there is just the the back
end of another ship as well.
Some pirate flags as well, and
on the far right you'll see like
a beach line scape, some sand,
some palm trees. Some people
were digging for treasure. I'm
seeing some treasure chests. You
see people who are in like
sailor outfits or the blue and
white outfits and they're in
some of these ships. And then
the top right of the screen
you'll see on the beach has a
little bit of a hillside as well
with some mountains and some
trees too.
So the ship that's on the top
right, and you'll see that
there's a bunch of people.
On the different masts of the
tree, I mean of the ship. And
then there's people, you know,
walking around the ship. There's
people, you know, sliding off of
the rope. Looks like there's
some sharks in the water and the
left of that. And there's people
who are throwing things into
another row boats. Looks like
there's some people were
throwing things.
I can't tell. The cannibals are
going towards the shipper coming
away from the ship, but then
there's a couple other boats and
there's a guy looks like he's
almost taking a bath in one of
the small little boats just by
himself. There's an octopus in
the water who has a couple
people on it and its tentacles.
There's towards the bottom
you'll see there's a ship that
looks like a little rowboat that
broke in half, and some people
who were scrambling out water
and there was a guy surfing on a
piece of the boat next to it.
Umm.
And then see it towards the
bottom right, you'll see more
people trying to jump off of one
of those row boats.
And towards the left the big
ship that has like a.
Like a Gold Mermaid type figure
at the bottom left. See a
cannonball that's being released
off of that ship. Couple
cannonballs from different
directions. It's also taking
fire from cannonballs from on
the small boats, and you can see
one of the top of the mass, like
crows nest, there's people
flying out of it, a bunch of
ladders and lots of people on
that ship.
And then the
far left, just the tail end of
that ship is you see the red and
the gold of it and sort of
people also on a little rowboat
next to it. #END_being_a_pirate
Alright, so that was about 3
minutes.
OK.
One more of them.
#START_by_the_lake So this one
says by the lake um, so it looks
like there is a beach line on
the bottom, kind of almost like
a see part of the bottom part of
the of the picture. And you'll
see people on the beach playing
volleyball or some people under
umbrella. There's some people
playing music, there's lots of
crowds of people.
There's somebody flying a kite
and.
Looks like somebody playing like
a bocci ball game as well.
There's kids playing in the sand
and in the water. They're
building a sandcastle. There's
some people who are laying on a
raft on the sand.
The bottom right looks like
there's people's.
And people standing and talking
like there's a trash can and
people are lounging the one guys
on the screen, there's a cooler
next to the one of the umbrellas
where people are sitting by. And
then if you go up towards the
right middle of the screen,
there is the right middle of the
picture. I mean, there's like a
little dock or there's some
people fishing off the dock.
Above that you'll see some kids
doing different like stances and
ones kind of like.
But like, it's like arched back,
like, you know, with their belly
up ones on handstand and then
going up above that, you'll see
like a little cabin where
somebody is looking off of the
railing and they're just kind of
looking at the water.
And then there's other people
who are grilling and like
barbecuing. You'll see there's a
couple little rocks there.
There's some people sitting on
top of the rocks and there's a
mermaid on one of the rocks. And
there's some people also on
bicycles on the rocks. And then
next to that. So in the water
itself, there's people on rafts,
there's people who are on inner
tubes people playing like a
volleyball game. There's
somebody on the kind of jet ski
looks like somebody. There's a
couple people on like a, you
know, something.
Crew like on a rowboat like and
they have like a dragon face at
the top of the front of the
boat.
Um, there's also like a
stationary dock in the middle of
the water where there's some
people sitting there. There's a
ladder to get to it, left side
of the screen, there's some high
rocks as well, and then it kind
of goes towards some smaller
rocks. You see people like on a
canoe.
And there's some like
synchronized swimmers that are
in a period pyramid. And then
you'll also see there's like a
little building like Castle type
building on the water. And in
the background at the very top
you see there's mountains with
little snow capped mountains and
some clouds in the sky.
And those
people were in their little
boats. Also, there's some
sailboats in the background that
you don't necessarily see people
on. #END_by_the_lake
And.
That's about it.
All right. OK. So let's see. So
before we go on to the next one,
let's take a break.
And this next one is a graphic
novel that has around 20 pages.
Again, as you go through the
story, describe what is
happening and what you see.
OK.
#START_quest OK, so on the left
page looks like its in a Park.
There's a park bench with a lamp
post, a trash can next to it,
some leaves behind it, and some
trees. And then there's like a
stone wall and there's like a.
Um, almost looks like a figurine
of Hermes. Like like a.
Like a God with wings and
there's like something on their
head and they're wearing its
like a dress type.
Clothing and sandals, and
they're on a rock, that's what
the statue is. And have
something in their hand. And
then in the background it looks
like there's some like little
bit cloudier, but in the
background looks like there's
some buildings behind it and
then another part of like the
Stonewall. And then on the right
side, it's kind of continuation
of that wall. And you see
there's like an archway and
underpass. And underneath the
underpass there's two children.
Umm, they have Umm.
Bicycle next to him as well. And
then the bicycle is A 2 seater
bicycle with a purple front
wheel and a red back wheel. The
kids looked like might they be
doing, they might be doing
graffiti. It looks like the one
has something red in his hand. I
want something purple in his
hand. And then behind them is
some purple on the wall. Looks
like there's some rain happening
and they're taking you know,
some shelter underneath the
archway. There's like a light
above them, like a little lamp
above them, and then there's
like a wooden door built into
the.
Underpass where their standing
next to the door is closed and
then on the other side of the
underpass you see continuation
of the Stonewall and there's
another park bench and some more
light lampposts.
And then there's another statue
above that Stonewall on the
other side of the underpass as
well. And then in the foreground
on the right side, you can see
presumably another side of the
underpass, the archway. There's
another statue on our side of
the underpass, and it is a
mermaid.
Alright, so on the left side
there is where those wooden
doors were under the underpass
and there's a guy who comes out,
looks like he has like a crown
on his head and he has some
brown and orange like clothing
on. It's kind of baggy and it's
like a dress.
Something other shoulders too.
And then that he's holding a
piece of paper that has a ring
with green, blue, purple, red,
orange and yellow circles around
that ring and it looks like it's
he's startling the kids when he
comes out and he's has his
finger over his mouth as his to
shush them. And then there's
this purple what it looked like,
I thought was graffiti on the
wall before. Now it's like this
purple winged creature with a
really long tail that's up in
the air above the kids and then
on the right side you can see.
There's the guy, or it's called
the king for now. So then the
king has the two guys and the
two kids sitting next to him. He
put something over the one kid's
shoulder, like on a diagonal.
And then he has the other kid
holding a piece of paper. And
then below that you'll see that
there's two like armed guards
who come out and they have like
swords that they go and grab the
king. And then the two kids are
still outside. One has the paper
and his hands and that purple
creature is flying above.
And then it shows. Then the
third part of that picture, it
shows that the two guards are
bringing that king back through
the door, and then the kids are
still outside.
Umm, so the kids are standing
outside that closed wooden door
now where the king and the
guards went back in and and then
on the right side it looks like
there's a three-part picture in
the top left.
It looks like they're, they made
keys out of the purple and red
things that they had in their
hands and then that purple
creature still kind of flying
above them. And then the second
part of the picture you can see
that they have keys and the
purple creatures on the the feet
of their, I mean at their feet.
And then they use those keys in
the bottom right, the third part
of the picture to open the doors
and they go, they're running
inside with the purple creature
above them.
Uh, looks like now that they're
inside. They went through that
door, they came out the other
side and it's like a old little
different world with a a Moat
and then there's a big castle
and then there's like a
waterfall right, right at the
entrance of the door they came
out of where they're kind of
hiding underneath a rock. And up
in the sky there are some, I
don't know, raft type boats or
you know, they have like
something that there are a
couple of people are sitting on,
but.
And there's something that it's
like oblong above it on this,
like inflated that's keeping the
boats in the air or something.
And then in the background
you'll see there's some
mountains with snow.
But the Castle itself has lots
of.
Torts and other there's an
archway, and then underneath the
archway there's like this water
boat that has the king and the
armed guards and looks like
they're taking them in
underneath the underpass.
This picture it shows the kids
pointing  to the piece of paper
with the ring that the king had
given them and they're pointing
to the yellow circle. On the
yellow circle has on the right
side you see more up close
picture of the map and then the
yellow circle has looks like a
picture of a building with some
grass in front of it.
The orange circle to the left of
that has like a picture of the
castle itself, and to underneath
that the red circle, and it
shows more of a doorway with two
lanterns on either side. To the
right of that on the circle is a
purple circle, and it has a palm
tree. To the right of that more
like 3:00 o'clock. Now of the
circle it's a blue circle that
has a snowy mountain, and then
above that on the circle is a
small green circle and that has
like a part of a suspension
bridge maybe.
That's about 1:00 o'clock on the
circle.
And then going back to the left
side.
I was just gonna say and left
side picture, you can just see
that they're just looking
through the archway from a
different angle and they can see
that picking on that little boat
going underneath it actually.
Um, so now it shows the kids are
hiding by rock, and there's a
couple smaller boats with a
bunch of armed guards on it, and
you can see also some fire
coming from different parts of
the castle in the background.
And on the right side you can
see the three-part picture. The
top is the two boys they have
that one has a red thing in
their hand, one has a purple
thing in their hand and that
purple creature is just kind of
hanging out with them the whole
time. And the second part of the
picture they guy with the red
draws like little like flippers
for their feet and something
also in the air like a little
circle. And then the kid with
the purple kind of creates
almost like looks like octopus.
legs
And then the bottom right you
just see the flipper feet. So
there's two sets of flipper feet
and the little purple creatures
tail and then these octopus
legs.
So then you see looks like
they're gone underwater and you
can see that they have a flipper
feet, but then they also have
almost like like a little oxygen
helmet mask.
And then you can see they're
following this big octopus that
looks like the purple creature
turned into the big octopus. But
then there's also or maybe they
just made an octopus type thing,
because then there's a small
purple creature still on the
left also has like a weird
little oxygen mask, and
underneath you can see there's
like a big circular.
Structure with bunch of tiny
arches in it and it's like a
there's another ring of that
same circular structure with
tiny arches in it. They get
double wall and then there is
looks like almost like a little
Parthenon with a bunch of lights
down there and is that like the
bottom And then it's on. There's
some other fish and things
flying in the water or swimming
in the water.
So on the left, you see the two
kids they go to looks like a
little statue, like a seahorse
statue, and they're putting
something at the top and it's
the, it's lit up at the top
there. And around them you can
see these different stone
pillars and there's like mermaid
statues and there's a bunch of
like coral and other things on
the ground.
And then on the right side of
the picture, you can see there's
like the armed guards that they
now also have flippers and
there's an armed guard with gold
and towards the front and
they're pointing towards the
boys. And then they are now
swimming away and they have that
map in their hand and they're
holding on to some of the
octopus tentacles.
Then it shows the boys they were
getting out of the water onto
like a grassy area with a bunch
of palm trees and that purple
creature still above them. And
then there's like clouds in the
mountains in the background. And
then on the right side of the
picture, they're again using
that purple and red markers that
they have to make something else
looks like they're making
something that's arched. And
then the one boy is on top of
the arch and he's making a Red
Square.
So it looks like what they made
was a rhinoceros was to the
purple thing and then the Red
Square turned into like almost
like a saddle that it has.
Like the little tent above it.
So they're riding the rhinoceros
and they're writing a rhinoceros
now through this forested area
there's on, they're on a little
trail, there's two big statue
figurines that they're about to
walk through lots of palm trees,
up to grass, and then you see
some like pyramids in the
background.
stone pyramids, then they are
kinda on a mountain because if
you look below there is a
waterfall and beach line and
then there's the water going
there, and then the background.
You can see like a statue in the
middle of the water as well, and
it has like orange towards the
top of it, like a temple.
And then it looks like they're
on a suspension bridge to get to
that structure that was in the
middle of the water and they get
to the top of it. Well, they're.
You're on suspension bridge, but
towards the top of that
structure that's in the water is
a big green light.
So now they're at the top of
that structure where the big
green light was, and then
there's the armed guards that
are on this suspension bridge
coming after them, and then the
purple creature still hanging
above them. And then now on the
right side of the picture
they're using those purple and
red markers to draw more things.
So the kid on the left is on the
ground drawing 3 dimensional
like rectangle and then like a
plank. And then the guy on the
right is drawing four.
Oval type structures unless
looks like maybe like wings or
something.
Umm so yeah, it looks like he
drew almost looks like a big
dragonfly. It's a purple
structure and then the red ended
up being like a wooden plank
swing with like 2 ropes to
hanging onto the big dragonfly.
So then they use that to get
away from the armed guards who
are now at the tip top of the
temple and trying to grab their
feet. In the background you see
a bunch of snowy mountains.
Um, so now they're on top of a
different temple and must looks
like a little Buddha like
underneath with some hanging
lanterns part of the temple.
The dragonfly finally drops them
off there, and that other little
purple creatures there too, at
the top.
And then the other kid pulls out
the.
The diagonal thing that the king
had put around his shoulder and
has.
Six different marker colors.
They're purple, teal, light
green, yellow, orange and red,
and they're both looking at
that.
So they're still at the top of
that and then it looks like the
purple creature now has a little
like a rainbow assortment of
colors like at this feet. So I
don't know if he had held on to
something there. But then you'll
see the two like boat type
things in the air and the armed
guards are trying to reach for
the purple creature in those
colors and then on the right
side of the picture you see more
of the armed guards and like in
those boat type things in the
air.
So it looks like the purple
creature then used that belt of
different colors to make a
rainbow from the point of where
the boys were at the top of that
temple to mid air.
And then it looks like it's
really bright because some of
the armed guards on the left are
like covering their eyes from
it. And you'll see it's also
like throwing off some of the
other guards from their boats on
the other boats in the air.
Looks like the rainbow goes all
the way down from that temple
down to the boat in the water
that we originally saw where the
king was with the armed guards.
And it looks like it knocks all
the guards off, or it's really
bright and throws them off and
then the king is has his hands
up in the air if he's happy
about something.
And then you have a picture of
like the whole castle  area is
not like an overshadowed in
rainbow colors. You see the
dragonfly type figure at the top
left.
And then we'll see. It's, I
think there's still in the water
because there's much smaller
boats and there are some guards.
You see the octopus legs from
the water you see on this like a
band on one of the boats. And
then you'll see the main boat on
the right has the king and the
two boys on top of that purple
rhinoceros with that red tent
over the two boys. And they're
on that boat and they look
happy. The king is waiting.
Um, so then it shows the
rhinoceros and the boat going
back to the First rock where the
guys, the boys first came out of
that door by the and they went
through that underpass area.
Some the boys were getting off
the rhinoceros and the King's
helping them down some stairs
and you see.
a dragonfly still in the sky and
you see the little tentacle of
the octopus on the bottom, and
then on the right side of the
page there's a three-part
picture. There's one looks like
the king is pointing something
towards the two boys and they
have that purple creature and
one of their shoulders. The
second part of the picture looks
like that with the king was
pointing, was drawing a crown
and you put a crown on the one
kid. And then the third part of
the picture you see the both of
the kids have crowns on and then
they're waving to them and then
they're going back through the
doorway and the king has both
hands in front of his face as if
he's thanking them
And then the two boys, you see
them from a back angle. They've
come back out through the doors,
back to where they originally
were under the underpass. Looks
like it's no longer raining.
There's a rainbow and you see a
nice like a modern city skyline
with some trees and some that
post and fence and.
The purple creatures
above them and they both are
still wearing their crowns. #END_quest
Alright, so that was the story,
OK?
Now we're going back to a
complex scene.
#START_make_a_splash OK, so this
one called making a splash, so
it looks like it's a water park.
The top left, there's a couple
tubular slides or inclosed
slides I should say. And there's
green, yellow and red and
there's an open sections,
there's some closed sections to
each of them and there's a bunch
of people going up and down the
slides, some of their bellies,
some on their backs and and then
there's a bunch of people at the
top of that and then towards the
bottom. Then it goes into like a
pool area where there's some
people in inner tubes.
There's people walking around.
On the bottom left is almost
like a lazy river. There's a
bunch of people on inner tubes.
I mean, yeah, inner tubes. And
then there's like a big pink
elephant statue where there's a
kid climbing on it. There's a
lifeguard on a lifeguard bench
with an umbrella over her.
There's under over the lazy
river. There's like a little
arched bridge and there's
somebody with a water gun
spraying somebody on one of the
inner tubes on the bottom,
bottom left, and there is just a
little patch of grass where
there's some people laying out
in towels on their bathing
suits. There's a sidewalk going
around the lazy river where
there's people walking, and that
also leads to the other side
when there's like another water
section, there's like a snake in
the water that people are
climbing on.
There's a red and white and a
green and white big ball and it
looks like there might be water
coming out of the some of the
white spots or the holes in the
balls and the water. Maybe it
looks like they're like
umbrellas or mushrooms if
there's water coming out of and
there's people underneath them
and then right above that. So
the right center of the page
there is 123.
Six open slides, their rainbow
colors are red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, purple and there's
people sliding down those sides
and and then next to that, so
back into the water above where
the snake was is there's a
couple brown discs in the water
and looks like there's people
trying to balance on them going
across them.
Above that it's like a red
dragon. It's water coming out of
its mouth, and that's a
structure in the water. And
above that is like a boat or a
ship has a wide yellow slide
where there's some people
sliding down and there's a bunch
of people on the ship itself. On
the ship there is like.
cannons but the cans were blown
out. Water, people.
And there's
some people in inner tubes on
the other side of the ship.
Looks like it's part of the Lazy
River. It continues all the way
at the top of the screen and it
goes down to the bottom left,
underneath the enclosed slides. #END_make_a_splash
All right, that was about 3
minutes.
Then going back to a graphic
novel, it has 2 pages.
#START_arrival_3 OK, so for this
one looks like it's a layout of
four pictures or maybe 8
pictures. So the top left
there's a kid holding a piece of
paper, different language and
then he has something also
rolled up under his arm and he's
wearing like a jacket, shoes, a
hat and he's on a sidewalk or
some other people standing
around him also or in the jacket
hat next to him is a picture of
a woman holding a cat type
figure.
She's in a dress, she has dark
hair and there's also another
woman next to her.
And then the picture next to
that.
Is to the right of that is a man
looks like almost like a Barber
situation and the kid or the
person that he's you know
attending to has like one of
those Barber like a bibs on or
around pop around him and
there's a kid next standing next
to them on the ground. There's a
bunch of these snail type
creatures to the right of that
is.
Some musicians, the ones playing
an instrument also looks like an
accordion at the bottom, but
then it has a big role like a
tuba part that goes up into the
air and then the other person
looks like they're playing like
string instrument, like a
violin, and they have some music
on a stand and there's some bird
type figures on the ground next
to them.
And then the bottom left of the
screen um.
It's like there's a guy who has
like a cart and maybe some
pulling some things out of the
cart, maybe like a food cart.
And then there's still a black
creature that's on the left end
of his food cart. Next to them
is under the right of that as
two people as a man in a jacket
and shirt and a woman who has a
dress on. They're both carrying
these really big eggs that are
like size of their torso So Umm.
And then next to that is a.
The row of women sitting looks
like they have some kind of
papers across their lap. The one
does, at least the one has like
a rabbit type figure on its lap.
In quite clear what they're
doing, but looks like they're
talking to each other. And then
on the far right is a man who is
holding a suitcase and yet in
suit and shoes, and he's on the
edge of the sidewalk. He's a hat
on. He has his head in his hands
as if he's looking or thinking.
Alright. And then the top left,
there's a guy who has like a
time piece in his hand and then
he's looking, he's like
concerned and he looks up at the
one building, looks like maybe
it's supposed to be a big clock
at the building.
see him carrying across the
street with his suitcase, and
there's people around him and
you see him walking on down the
sidewalk with the suitcase and
then he's walking past somebody
who's on the ground. Then he's
walking past another building,
has a bunch of archways.
And then you see him look up at
the sky and there's are in the
air and there's all these little
right circles, and he's with his
one hand on the strip, goes to
grab on the circles. And then in
the air there's a bunch of
streaks in the picture and his
hat gets flown off his head. He
goes, bends down to pick up the
hat, puts the hat back on his
head, and he sees something on
the ground. It looks like a
bunch of arrows and words.
And it's the top right side,
right page. He then pulls out
like a book and he's looking at
the ground and he's also
talking, looking at the book,
and has a suitcase next to him.
And then somebody comes over,
you see a hand by his shoulder
and he looks up and there's
somebody who's talking to him.
He has a hat on. He's a white
dress and white attire as well.
And then he talks to the both,
talking to each other, and then
the guy in the suits writing
something down and looks like he
draws a picture of a bed.
And then the guy
in the white clothes with his
finger up in the air as he knows
what he's talking about now. And
then he looks over your points
and then you see the guy in the
suit and the suitcase following
the guy in the white. And the
guy in the white also has a
basket or some kind of animal in
the back. #END_arrival_3
So that was this part of the
story.
Here's another part.
#START_arrival_2 OK, so then top
left, you see three women or
three people looks like um with
blankets or you know like a a
hood over their head and then
some suitcases next to them.
Then you see three guys and
suits with bags and suitcases
next to them as well. And then a
woman holding child or something
in her arms.
With the man in the background.
And then you see the man in the
suit now sitting on his suitcase
with a book in his hand and make
it an upper close picture of
what he's writing. And then
looks like he tears out a sheet
of the book. And then he folds
up that sheet into a paper
crane. And then the paper crane
he has in his hand and looks
like it comes a lot because it's
kind of the way it's sitting on
top of his fingers. And he looks
back behind himself and looks
like he still has it in his
hand. And then you see him
looking left and right and
looking up and you just.
Covering his eyes from the sun a
little bit while he looks up and
you see in the next picture
there's a ton of those white
paper cranes that maybe flying
in the sky over a boat, and the
boat's full of people and
they're all looking up at them.
But then you see like the same
kind of angle of the boat
because there's the same type of
steam stacks. But now you're
seeing a little bit up close and
you see more people work towards
the edge of the boat and they're
looking out and they see in the
water. There's smaller boats in
the background. There's a city
skyline some and there's some
things flying in the air as
well. And then on the right
side, you see these two very
large or they're figures or
statue that are coming up out of
two large boats and they're both
like shaking hands.
The one guy on the left of the
the big figure has like a animal
on his a rabbit with a long tail
in his one arm and the guy on
the right who's also they're
shaking hands. The guy on the
right has a kind of bird on his
back and they're both on these
boat type things and they've got
on the left has suitcase and
some coffee cup and the mug and
vase and bowl. And the guy on
the right has like a big basket,
a teapot and like a clone type
figure on his boat as well.
On the left you see up close
picture of a front of the boat
from like if you're in the water
and you're looking up at it, you
see the I don't know if that's
the bow or whatever, that's the
front of the podence. And then
you see it's a cloudy sky.
So on the right
side you see, um, couple people
again, there's womans and guys,
and there's a kid. And then
there's a guy with a white hat
and a megaphone and a white
jacket, and he's pointing and
he's saying something into the
megaphone. And then you see
they're opening the gates, looks
like, of the the boat, and you
see a guy grabbing a suitcase
and everybody has their bags in
their hand and they're not just
embarking off of the boat. And
now there's a line of people and
they're about luggage off of the
boat on the dock. #END_arrival_2
Alright, so that was another
part.
Continuing with this four page
graphic novel.
#START_arrival_5 OK, so.
Now you see on the left is a
large picture. Um, looks like
there's water at the very bottom
because there's a little row
boat with people in it, and then
there's a dock, but it's kind of
like stairs up.
Um, and then there's a bunch of
rock type buildings that are
into the the mountainside.
And at the very top there's
some.
Look like vases, but they
aren't. I don't know if they're
buildings, but they have like an
owl face on them and then the
one is a really, really large
one at the top and there's lots
of birds flying in the sky.
And then at the bottom where the
the first stairs start to come
up into the all these buildings,
there's a bunch of row boats
that are docked on those stairs.
And on the right side, you'll
see there's somebody looks like
they're tying.
Something to have to a figurine
idk if they're tying a boat to
it or something, and then you
see a guy in a white shirt
pointing towards something and
the guy in the suit, you see the
back of it and they're talking
to each other.
Then you see a little boy
carrying something with a white
little fish type thing and a
black little cat type thing next
to him.
And then you see the boy
offering a basket of things to a
woman, and you see that cat tail
in the foreground picture, and
you see the woman then embracing
the guy in the white shirt. He
also has a basket of stuff.
And then the guy in the suit
takes his hat off as if he's
greeting the woman in the white
dress and then the guy in the
white shirt that he already met
before.
And then the woman, the dress is
like kind of waving her arms in.
They like to bring them inside
and they all have a glass of
something to drink and they'll
have their hands together. And
then it shows. Looks like
they're pulling things out of
that basket and she's chopping,
or somebody's chopping them up
and then looks like they're
cooking something and looks like
maybe even basting some kind.
And then they're all sitting at
a table and.
The guy looks like he has one
thing and was like almost like a
torch that he's cooking the one
item with it with tongs in the
other hand.
And then that's the guy in the
white shirt, and then the kids
sitting in a chair and he's kind
of kneeling down, giving food to
the white fish. That creature
and the black cat creature. They
were both on the ground. The guy
in the suit is talking to the
woman in the white dress and
they all have food around tables
on.
Food around on the table with
plates and glasses.
And then it shows. The
individuals are laughing and
talking. The guy in the white
shirt, the woman in the white
dress, and the guy in the suit,
they all their hands up is that
they're gesturing and talking
and they're eating. And the guy
in the white shirt also now has
that accordion type instrument.
And she looks like she starts
playing an instrument like most
like a flute, and the kid
playing like a banjo and the cat
sitting next to him.
And then you see the guy in the
suit folding up some paper,
looks like he made another
little creature, it looks like a
little cat. And he held hands to
the kid. And and then the guy in
the white jacket white shirt is
putting something into a
cupboard or pulling something
out of the cupboard. And there's
a picture of him in in the woman
holding it together. And then
you see it up close of just a
little pot itself.
So then you see it up close to
the pot, and then it looks like
it's on a counter, and then it
looks like it's on a counter
through a window or through a
frame, and then you see.
I can't tell if that's a kid or
which guy that is, but I think
it's the.
The guy in the suit, he's waking
up, rubbing his eyes, he's
getting out of bed. There's
quite fishy things with him.
And then you see him getting
dressed, buttoning his shirt,
cutting one of these little food
things, weird shaped food things
up, and then he hands a piece of
that to the white fish thing on
the floor, and you see him
putting on his vest and his
jacket. And then a little
whitefish thing, hands on his
hat.
And so the top left, you see the
back at the backs of a bunch of
people as they're walking, looks
like their little hats and suits
on or good clothes on. They're
wearing bags and they have
little creatures at their feet.
And then there's some clothes or
something hanging on strings.
And the the up in the air above
them. And then you'll see some
some guys on the looks like they
have some kind of sticks or
something and they're working
and then it shows somebody else
who's has a basket of something
that he's.
Giving to these little white
creatures on the ground.
And then there's a woman, a man,
and another woman looks like
they're exchanging something
over a counter. And then you see
a guy with a wheel on a bunch of
different shapes on it. And then
you see a guy looks like he's
painting on a ladder, he's
painting something on a wall.
And then you see a woman with a
cart, like she might have some
kind of a hammer or tool in her
hand.
And then on the top right, you
see the guy in the suit has the
little white fishy thing at his
feet and he's talking to
somebody in a doorway. That guy
in the doorway has a hat, an
apron and white apron on and has
a bowl in his hand.
And then you see the guy in the
suit talking to somebody else
who looks like he's at some kind
of an industrial.
Thing, because he has this big
old metal device behind him with
all these valves, and that guy
has glasses, a hat, and he has
this little creature sitting
next to him holding a wrench in
his mouth. And then you see the
guy in the suit has his hat off.
Now he's inside and he's talking
to a woman at a counter. She has
a bunch of containers behind her
behind the counter, and she has
her hands up as if she can't.
Give him whatever
he wants or she says if she's
saying no. And then to the right
of that is the last picture is a
bunch of people looks like
they're guys, they're all in
their suits and hat and they
have all creatures at their feet
and they're underneath one of
those flying boat things with
the power. #END_arrival_5
OK, so we're good with this
part of the story.
And for the next just a couple
minutes.
So here is a complex seed.
OK.
#START_ancient_rome Alright, so
looks like it says 2000 years
ago.
FBN so fun games in ancient
Rome, so it looks like they're
in a big arena eventually, let's
say Coliseum. And then there's a
bunch of people in the middle,
and then around the edges
there's people in the stands. So
at the top of the screen there's
a pyramid of liones and some of
the lines are getting up into
the stands. So this people are
clearing out of the stands.
There's also looks like some
people who had a rope, whether
they're trying to get down to
the ring or back out because
there's a lion at the bottom so
that by trying to get out of the
arena.
And then the you'll see there's
a door towards the right of them
where there's lions coming out
of the door. So in the arena
there is a lion underneath that
towards the center right, who
has he's sitting down as like a
bib on knife and a fork. And
there's a person in a in a blue
like a dish in front of them.
And then underneath that you'll
see there's a couple of Chariots
with horses. There's one that
has four horses, 2 brown, like a
light brown and a grey. And
there's the person who's.
Being dragged behind on the
chariot.
Umm, there's a couple of those
situations. There's somebody
also looks like on the far right
of that, that the chariot itself
broke off and there's just the
guy holding onto the reins.
Umm.
And underneath that, there's a
couple lines that are actually
in the stands on the bottom
right, and there's a line who's
on top of a person in the arena.
And there's a couple people who
are looks like they're fighting
a guy who has a shield.
And they're throwing things at
his shield. There's people who
are having sword fights and
looks like one of the shields
they're being ripped in half.
And then there's a horse who's
actually on the chariot, and
there's four people who are
running on the horses, pulling
the reins.
And then there's a guy in the
chariot and there's four horses.
He actually looks like he has it
together. He's not being
dragged. And then there's some
people on the ground as well who
are running because there's the
Spears on the sides of the
chariot and they're trying to
run away from those. Looks like
there's somebody that was run
over by one of the Chariots.
Um, there's people who are
fighting with like pitchfork
type instruments, there's people
with swords and.
Yeah, there's a bunch of people,
different types of armor as well
and their one looks like I guess
the the chain link that he's
throwing on somebody. And then
there's also looks like some
Jaguars or leopards or cheetahs
that are running around the
bottom of the screen as well.
And towards the top you'll see
there's some people dragging
other people Umm, and there's
somebody riding on the back of
someone else. And there's
different levels of clothing.
Some people seem to be full
clothes, some people seem to
only have like pants on or only
have their top on.
And then there's a Waldo and
then top middle of carrying a
stack of books.
Let's see.
And then along
the one wall towards the top of
the of the stands, there's a
lion and a person, and the lion
has like hash marks as if like a
tally of who's winning, and
they're like, they're up by like
12 points and the person's score
has no points. #END_ancient_rome
OK, so that was about 3 minutes
and we will do our last story
for today.
#START_return OK, so this one.
Says for my parents, I'm just on
the side, but it looks like
there's a picture on the left of
like a street corner. So you see
like a red stoplight on the
sign. There's a corner of a
building. There's like a little
tree that's you know has the
little sticks tied to it to keep
it straight up on the one corner
of the sidewalk. And then you
see and then it takes a couple
steps in and then you see almost
like the.
I thought that the house was
cut. The side of the house was
cut so you could see the inside
of it and you can see there's
six rooms and then a basement.
And so that you first walk into,
you would first walk into a
room. It's like the entryway.
You see stairs or sitting
dresser with the lamp vase with
a plant and some pictures on the
wall. And then above that
there's a man who is.
And a desk it looks like, um, so
he is blue shirt, blue shorts,
um, brown shoes on.
And he has a light above him
while he's working on. And then
there's a window in front of him
and there's pictures in the
background beside him. And
there's some books on shelves
coming through the door of his
room as a red kite. You see the
red kite, then string go towards
the we're in the second floor.
It goes to the next room on the
2nd floor, where you see the
staircase and looks like there's
like a TV on a table and a couch
and a chair. Nobody's in that
room. So you see the red string.
Go down the staircase that would
take you to the first floor.
1st floor looks like that's the
kitchen staircase goes towards
the kitchen. There's cabinets,
stove, sink.
And there's nobody in the
kitchen. Then you go to the
right of that, through a
doorway, into a looks like a
bedroom. In the bedroom there's
a bed with some purple things on
it. And then you see there's a
boy, one of the boys from the
four he has a crown on. He has
some red string that he's
drawing archway on his one wall
and has something red in his
left hand. And he's drawing with
his right hand he has a dresser
a lamp and a window next to it.
And then on the ceiling you see
it looks like a.
Purple dragonfly and like a red
hot air balloon hanging from the
ceiling.
And then in the room above him,
there's nobody in it, but it
looks like there is a bathroom
or at least a sink. And and then
through the door there is a bed
with or piece of furniture with
like a black.
Creature on it.
So then on the left there's a
three-part picture on the top
left.
Is, uh, the man who's working on
that on the desk on the easel
looks like he's drawing. He
looks back behind him and he
sees the red flag, a red kite on
the floor, and the second part
of the picture, he gets up off
his chair and he goes and picks
up the kite. On the third
picture, you see the desk, the
chair, and the kite, but the
guy's not there anymore. So then
on the next picture you see the
room where the little boy was
before, the far right bottom
room floor, and the doors open
into his room, and you can still
see the hot air balloon.
Dragonfly thing from the ceiling
and the purple creature on the
bed, and then where the boy had
drawn the red archway. Now
there's a little red door, and
you see the man in the blue
shirt and shorts peeking his
head through that door.
So the man goes through that
door, and on the other side of
the door, that door is actually
at the base of one of a really
tall tree. So now he's in like
this forest where there's these
really tall trees. There's
hanging lanterns with like warm
orangish yellowish light. And
there's some other strings of
lights also hanging between the
trees. There is some yellowish
green. There's just a couple
yellowish green lights hanging
in the trees as well. There's a
Little River, a little just so
low river next to them.
the Creek. And then you see
there's a little wooden dock
with a red ball at the edge of
the dock on the other side of
the Little River that he's
looking at.
So then you see the guy who's
now at the end of that dock
holding the red ball. You see
still the lights in the
lanterns, and then the water.
Now it's glistening a little bit
with reflection of the lights.
And you see there's like this
dragon shaped yellowish boat
that's now coming down the river
with nobody on it. And then on
the right side of the screen
there's a three-part picture.
The top part has the demand
still standing on the dock with
the red ball. And there's that
dragon type colored boat which
has a wheel on it.
And then you second part of the
picture, you see him, the boats
kind of moving in front of him
now and he's looking at it as if
he's going to get on it. And the
third part of the picture, the
the boat is now past the dock
and the guys now on the boat
holding the red ball.
So then you see the guy um still
on the boat with the red ball
and the boats now approaching
these open doorways that are
going towards the castle.
And the castle, it's like this
big stone castle. Bunch of
turrets and different shapes and
arches and stone bluish roof.
And there's some flags hanging
from the different peaks of the
roof.
And towards the right you see
there's a large archway, and on
top of the archway there's a
little red.
A boat or something or car that
you see the little boy sitting
in, and then there's some other
buildings on the right and the
one has some light.
Under the structure and there's
a million factors.
And then you see the boy
presumably have followed that
and the man who followed the
boys. And then you see the
Dragon boat now docked, where
the little boy's red boat is.
There's people around, there's
some musicians who are holding
trumpets, and then a little boys
kind of dashing up the stairs.
He has a crown on and he has the
red marker. And at the top of
the stairs it's the other boy
with the purple marker and the
crown on, the little purple
creatures hanging above them.
And then the king from
previously he sent sending out
the top was there as well with
the board, the purple crayon.
And there's some lights behind
them under the building that
they're at.
On the right side of the picture
it's shows the man approaching
the king and the boy with the
purple crayon, and then the boy
with the red crayon far away
from him next to like a royal
chair or like a kings chair.
So then you see the back angle
of that's if you're standing
behind the two boys and the king
and the the man, the blue shirt,
they're all standing together
now, and the purple creatures
being on top of them hanging in
the air. And then they're
looking down at that dragon
boat, and at the Dragon boat
that brought the guy at the blue
shirt. There's now like some
kind of an armed guard looks
like on that boat and was
approaching them. And they all
seem to be a little startled by
it.
And then on the next side of the
picture you see a bunch of
guards coming up the stairs off
of that boat. Looks like they
came.
Out of the.
Part of the boat, not where the
guy was standing on, but like
the front part of the boat, like
a.
And then they're coming up the
stairs and the king is first,
and then the two boys and the
guy in the blue shirt are behind
the king.
And the king has his hand up his
pistol.
And so it looks like the king is
drawing something with gold. He
has gold stick he has in his
hand, and the one guard has this
weird contraption with like a
crank handle, like a box with a
crank handle on his left hand.
And then the boys and the man
are behind the king.
Um, so then on the right side
there's a three-part picture.
You see the king with the yellow
looks like he drew a sword, and
he's pointing a sword towards
the one guy, the one guard
where, whoever that is, who has
that crank box
And then the second part of the
picture.
Looks like.
The King is losing the sword and
the different color things he
has with them. They're coming
off of that belt. He has across
them. So the guy with the crank
box looks like it's sucking in
all those things into his box.
And then the third part of the
picture, you see the King now
being detained by the two armed
guards towards the bottom of the
stairs and the guy with a crank
box running up past the king and
there's no more colors in it.
And then on this side you see
the guy with a crank box
approaching the boys, and the
guy in the blue shirt. The boy
still has with the Red Crayon,
still has the purple creature
with him. And the boy with the
blue purple Crayon is now
towards the far right of the
page, and he's drawing something
in the air. It looks like some
kind of wings. And then on the
right side you see where they
were was the top of a pyramid
next to some water, and you see
the guy with the crank box
reaching for them at the edge.
That that building or the edge
of that patio and in the air you
see this big purple lion type
creature with the tail and wings
and it has the two boys and the
guy in the blue shirt riding it.
And they're getting away.
Um, so there's a two page spread
where you see the same picture
of the guys who are
And the two boys and the guy who
were on that lion, the one
towards the front has the red
stick and the purple, small
purple creature with them and
the guy towards the kid towards
the back, looks like he's losing
his purple crayon in the air.
And then because it looks like
further back on the left you see
the guy, that crank box kind of
like sucking the the purple.
Creature or whatever the magical
creature is into his crank box
as well. It's by where the kids
perfect plans going.
So then it looks like.
That guard must have sucked that
creature up. And then you see
the people are now in the air.
So the guy in the blue shirt or
in the air just floating in the
air or falling. And the kid on
the far left is being the one
who had the purple crowns being
grabbed by the king who's on now
boat in the air. And the guy in
the blue shirt grabbing on to
the other little boy who has the
red crayon on the purple
creature, and they're hanging in
the air.
And then you see those two, the
the guy with the blue shirt and
the other kid with the I think
that's the red Crayon kid and
the purple creature now falling
into the water. And underneath
the water there's some goldfish
and there's different.
Like pieces of land sticking up
out of the and into the water,
but they're still in the water.
And then you see the little boy
drawing something with his red
marker and looks like he's draw
like a boat or something.
And so then you see looks like
what you Drew was a submarine
and so he is towards the top of
the submarine control like a
Periscope, and then the guy in
the blue shirts towards the
bottom submarine and they're
going under the water, which is
the Periscope sticking out, out
of the water.
And now it looks like the
submarine has surfaced up onto
the water and they're standing
on top of the submarine. They're
like under a cave or in a cave
area. There's drawings on the
wall. And so the guy in the blue
shirt, blue shirt, the kid with
a red crayon on, the little
small flying purple creature,
all with them.
And there's nobody else around.
And then looks like they get off
the submarine. They're now on
the ground in The Cave. And
their point, the little boy's
pointing at the wall with the
different creatures on the wall.
I mean different drawings on the
wall and there the guy in blue
shirts looking up at that.
So it looks like they're looking
up at that and then now they see
that the guy with the crank box
and that.
Dragon type boat with the king
and the armed guards are now
approaching the beginning of The
Cave, so they're trying to hide
behind a rock.
And then on the right side of
the picture.
Umm, you see
So also I was just saying the
top left, the drawings in The
Cave looks kind of like similar
to what's happening in the sense
that there's somebody with a box
and there's stuff coming out of
it and then there's somebody
reaching for things, so.
But then, so on the right side
of the picture, there's three
parts of that picture. The top
left is the guy in the blue
shirt and the kid, and the
purple creature looks like
they're coming up with a plan.
And then the second part is the
guy starts to Draw Something.
And then it looks like.
He finishes in the.
Purple small purple creature is
like in like a bird cage what
the guy drew.
So the guy and the boy are still
hiding behind a rock and now
they have that purple creature
just on a bird cage in this bird
cage type structure that they
grew that's sitting next to them
in The Cave. So the guy with the
crank box goes over trying to
suck that up and then ended up
being a trap. So then he gets
towards the middle of the that
bird cage and then the walls of
it start to go up and he loses
the crank box and then.
It's the walls go up. So now
he's stuck in the cage and the
guy with the blue shirt and the
kid with a white and the kid
little kid has the little crank
box and looks like the guys that
has it over his shoulders like
it's about to throw it or smash
it.
So it looks like he does smash
it, and when he smashes it, all
these different colors come out
so that purple.
Lion type wing creature that got
them off that last temple is now
up in the air. The little purple
creature that was in the bird
cage trap is now out in the air.
There's swirls of blue and red
and yellow and green and all
kinds of different colors, and
all these little dragonflies and
creatures are coming out of it.
The one guy still stuck in that
little cage box, you see the
king and the other boy now
coming into The Cave. And then
there's two armed guards who are
on that dragon boat who are kind
of like their arms in front of
them, as if they're, you know,
they're surprised and like,
protecting themselves from all
those colors coming out.
And then you see the two boys,
the guy in the blue shirt and
the king and the little small
purple creature, I'll just kind
of hanging on the edge of The
Cave and they're looking out at
the water and at the water. You
see the little dragon boat, the
armed guards, and you see the
tentacles, the purple tentacles
from previous part of the story
that are now outreached right by
that dragon boat. You see all
the different colors in the air
and then the purple dragon, and
I mean the purple Lion type wing
creature is now carrying off.
That guy who's in that cage
And then the right side.
You see the one little boy
hugging the guy in the blue
shirt, and then there's the door
with the kite string close to
it. So looks like the door to
his bedroom
So and then you see you're back
to the regular city skyline and
you see the red kite in the air
with some trees and then you see
like that slice of the house and
there's third store, nothing in
there. The second story is the
guy's work room area and he has
a little arch like cubbyhole
door and it's very bright.
And underneath that
is first floor. There's nothing
in there. It's just the entry
though. #END_return alright?